# Automatic Video editing using Python
## Video editor 2.0
Create `video`, `audio` and `output` folder in `Video editor 2.0` if these folders not exists.

Move your videos to `video` folder and audios to `audio` folder.

Double click `concat.bat` file to concat all the videos into one video and all audios into one audio.

Then open the video and audio files and add the clips that you want in `clips.py`.

```
clips = [
    ("0:0:0", "0:1:0"), 
    ("0:2:0", "0:3:54")
]

audio_starting_time = "0:1:44"
```
And double click `edit.bat` file to run python file or you can run python in terminal by manually typing.

Python will select random subclips from the video and write the videos `final1.mp4`, `final2.mp4`, ... and `final10.mp4` in `output` folder.

Some videos are good and some videos are not good. Because of random selection of python. So take the video that you like. If all the videos are not good. Then rerun the `edit.bat` file.

I am using `conda`. But you can modify the `bat` file as your wish.

### Difference between (Video editor 2.0) and (Automatic Video editing 1.0 & Video editor 2.0)
`Video editor 2.0` is faster in random selection. But `Automatic Video editing 1.0` is the slowest, it takes more time when the video length is more then 5 minutes.

`Video editor 2.0` has both trim and random function.
## Video editor 1.0 & Automatic Video editing 1.0
First move or copy your video into the `video` folder inside `Video editor 1.0` folder and audio to `Video editor 1.0\audio`.

Go to `Video editor 1.0\clips.txt`
```
0:38-0:48
0:53-1:00
1:07-1:16
audio-1:03
```
Like this type the `timestamps` that you want and `audio shift`

`audio shift` - starting timestamp of the audio.

After filling the time for both video and audio. Then double click run bat file.

Then python output the `final video` at `Video editor 1.0\output\final.mp4`.

Then move this `final.mp4` video to `Automatic Video editing 1.0\video`. Make sure this `final.mp4` should be the length of less then or equal to 5 minutes.

If your `final.mp4` length increases then python will take more time exponentially.

Then double click `Automatic Video editing 1.0\run.bat`

At cmd, it asks the starting time (in seconds) and ending time (in second) from the `final.mp4`.

Then python will create 10 videos at `Automatic Video editing 1.0\output`.

These videos are generated by selecting sub clips of the `final.mp4` video and shuffling the clips and adding the audio that located in `Automatic Video editing 1.0\audio`.

Check these 10 video. Some videos are not good some videos are good. Take the video that you like.

__This program is in initial condition, I will make some more better improvements in future.__